GetRange (#17511)
demisto/content: Packs/DeveloperTools/ReleaseNotes/1_2_15.md

#### Scripts
##### New: GetRange

> - Get a range of indexes from a list. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0)
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.1.25933*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gets specified indexes of a list. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0)
```
